Updated read.me and contributing.md (#280)
src-d/blog: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new-blog-post.md

* Categories:
* Deadlines: are there any deadlines for this? do we need to wait for any other event?

## Blog process

> - Create a proposal on this blog repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a proposal on this blog repo [as a new issue](https://github.com/src-d/blog/issues)
```

Author: LGTM

- Get proposal accepted by DevRel

> - Create a copy of [this gdoc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BxhHlkxytm-xCDVy4vRkdyjqwe9w7pIWoauaLpMMreE/edit#heading=h.rujpt9lvqbj8) & update the template header 

Author: yes updated, thanks

> - Add the draft of you blog post directly in gdoc with grammarly enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the draft of you blog post directly in gdoc with grammarly enabled
- Share the draft company wide, and paste its link in the issue containing your proposal in order to let the people to participate in the review process.
```

Author: LGTM

> - Add the draft of you blog post directly in gdoc with grammarly enabled

Reviewer: Should the draft be stored in any special directory?

Author: Yes in a google doc folder called Blog posts under DevRel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the draft of you blog post directly in gdoc with grammarly enabled, and store it under [DevRel>BlogPosts](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1PGIqQ284kAXWgY50Nco9lRF6VIYGyxKg)
```

* Categories:
* Deadlines: are there any deadlines for this? do we need to wait for any other event?

## Blog process

> - Create a proposal on this blog repo [as a new issue](https://github.com/src-d/blog/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Get proposal accepted by DevRel
- Create a copy of [this gdoc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BxhHlkxytm-xCDVy4vRkdyjqwe9w7pIWoauaLpMMreE/edit#heading=h.rujpt9lvqbj8) & update the template header 
- Add the draft of you blog post directly in gdoc with grammarly enabled

> - Share the draft company wide, and paste its link in the issue containing your proposal in order to let the people to participate in the review process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once your draft is ready for being reviewed, share it company-wide, and paste its link in this issue in order to let the people to participate in the review process.
```
